This mail is regarding my internet billing and the plan issues going on with my account.  It is very important for you to understand the history of the issue, so trying to explain below as much as I can.

In December'23, I moved to a different address and so moved the services along as well, I'd to pay $100 as well for this move.
The person who was trying to help me move my services caused some issue and splitted my internet and mobile account into 2 different account.

I was unaware of this issue until I start seeing issue with unable to access my billing statements.

I tried to connect with Customer Service, Thankfully in 6-7 calls of 1hour long finally I was able to get my 2 account merged into 1 and was able to access statements.

Now, the person who helped me merging my mobile services with internet, did not notify me at all that she is changing my mobile plan to 1gig per month instead of 3gig.
Same thing happened to me when I moved in December'23, instead of paying $30 per month for my internet, without any notification the plan charges changed to $55.

PFA, I got my May'24 bill as $342 instead of $55, on contacting customer service call/chat, I got multiple responses from 4 people as the extra charges will be removed and I will have to pay $55 and some said I will have to pay $342 as it is legitimate since I was given some credit in Dec'23 and now xfinity is taking back.

Now, I want to understand where I went wrong, I paid $100 for moving services and ended up paying $25 extra per month for internet and received 2gig less for mobile services.

I am happy to pay this charge of $342 if you can revert my plan to same as $30 for internet and $30 for mobile effective from Dec'23.


I would request you to please look into this matter from customer perspective who paid for moving services and ended up getting bad plans without any notification.

If there is nothing can be done from yourside then also it is fine, I'll simply pay the balance and move on to some other trustable Provider.

Thanks,
Neeraj Sachdeva
Address: 135 Peace River Road, St. Johns, Fl, 32259
Phone #904-575-5228
